Chapter 2: Resignation.


The wind blew fiercely at me.

In Tokyo Bay, especially in the Chiba area, there weren’t a lot of places that provided shelter from the wind. Everything was reduced to debris, so the wind flew freely upon the lands. In fact, some of the debris had been further reduced to mere pebbles. Thanks to that, the manufacturing branch office, a small but tall building inland of the bay, stood in plain view of the sea.

Around thirty years ago, that place was known as the new urban center, where multi-storied buildings and large-scale event facilities once stood. Businesses in the city flourished, and the city itself was quite active.

Back in the day, one could have easily guessed that this new urban center was expected to become the next capital just by hearing people talk about it. Even if the center wasn’t technically the capital yet, many considered it to be one. As expected of my Chiba… Staying superior even from way back. Chiba was always at the top. Truly the best! … is probably what that forehead girl, Tsurube Asagao, would say.

However, the glory of Chiba, and even the world itself, had long since crumbled away.

All because of the war.

Radiation, intense blazes, blood, and corpses. Everything imaginable came raining down, and the coastline began to change. The bay started to protrude more and more inland. Eventually, many places ended up beneath the sea.

The accomplishments of humanity were burned away in the crimson flames, and the memories of them were reduced to mere pieces of dust, only to be blown away by the wind. It is said that in the rubble underneath the sea, the relics of human history lie dormant.

When this nightmare was finally over, the “World” awoke.

Right before the war began, the technology for cryogenics was developed. Children were put into a hibernation-like sleep and stowed away. Those children would soon become the boys and girls we are today.

Twenty years ago, humanity suffered great losses but temporarily won the war. The unknown enemies, cleverly dubbed “Unknowns,” (ED: lol) were repelled away, and humanity arbitrarily declared the end of the war. A period of false peace followed. However, humanity did not know whether or not the Unknowns acknowledged this peace. Humanity were unable to communicate with them, much less achieve mutual understanding with them. Although we don’t know much of what happened during the period that followed, except from some hearsay, the fact that there are still battles to this day meant the war was definitely not over.

And that’s why we’re here.

The defense cities of Tokyo, Kanagawa, and Chiba were built by the temporary government in order to enclose the Tokyo Bay, where most of the Unknowns had appeared.

And the ones who fought there -who could fight there- consisted only of the boys and girls who had woken up from cryogenic statis.

A side effect of cryogenics was the manifestation of supernatural powers.

These supernatural powers, called the “World,” saved humanity from their inevitable destruction.

These powers include pyrokinese, telekinesis, telepathy, flight, and even supernatural strength.

There were also powers that had nothing to do with the battlefield. For example, there were some with the ability to brew delicious coffee, to instantly know how much change they need when shopping, or to know tomorrow’s weather. In other words, Worlds also included some useless abilities.

People who possessed these useless Worlds capitalized on their skills in non-military branches, and they too helped build the foundation for humanity’s continued existence.

Those who did not possess special Worlds were like replaceable cogs, or even the lubricating oil for those cogs that are used and thrown away. Without having the chance to use their abilities to the fullest, they continued to support the never ending war from the back lines.

And that is me.

As a single cog in the system, and as the horse pulling the carriage, I continued to work every day.

Before meeting with the military branch, I waited for Urushibara to arrive in the company van. I gazed out at the sea while I waited.

The seagulls cried out far in the distance.

Catching sight of animals in this city was pretty rare.

The defense city of Chiba was home to many food manufacturing plants and held the food for pretty much all of the South Kanto region.  Consequently, sanitary conditions were strictly enforced, and in general, animals were not allowed inside the city. To register a pet, one had to fill out numerous application forms, and the pet was required to pass medical inspections. Since the process was extremely troublesome, most people didn’t bother with it.

Myaa Myaa Myaa~ The seagulls cried out in unison. I gently continued to listen to their cries.

All of a sudden, I heard some footsteps from behind me.

“It’s been a while since I’ve met with Natsume…”
“Me too. Haven’t met her since she told me I was transferring out.”

I didn’t need to turn around to know who it was. There weren’t a lot of people who called out to me in such a kind voice, especially outside. But it wasn’t as if she was an angel calmly swooping down to save me from the depths of hell. I figured she wasn’t particularly interested in holding a conversation with me.

“Though, that time shouldn’t have even counted as a meeting…”

Tsutsujigaoka Renge walked up until she was side by side with me, firmly stepping on the grass underneath us.

“Haha, I guess you could say that.  From the time we were in the military branch, we’ve been low rankers in some non-essential groups. “

Her voice sounded extremely self-deprecating, so I turned my gaze towards her. She tried to brush it off with a smile.

Her long hair swayed with the wind. Her black hair glistened as it gently reflected the glow of the sunset. It was as if she had a halo, and without thinking I averted my eyes.

I don’t like angels.

Angels were unconventionally beautiful and phenomenally amazing without a hint of despair in them.

I’m your angel, Kasumi. Got it? Until you can hear my voice, no matter what happens, do not move, okay? Just like the kings and prophets, my words are absolute!

I recalled those words being said to me long ago.

The sky was the definition of red itself.

The sunset was repulsively beautiful, its very beauty seemed ominous.

In contrast, her dark, black hair seemed to be like the night sky spreading its wings.

Even now, her cheeks were tinted with the afterglow of the sky. Her hair seemed to fade away into the night, with the color similar to that of a raven. She had the light in front and the darkness behind. She stood in the middle of these two extremes.

She was like a different being, not bearing the slightest resemblance to anything. It was as if reality was mixed with illusion.

Though the person from my memories did not have her smile.

“By the way, thanks.”
“For what?”

I shook my head a little bit and looked at Tsutsujigaoka once again. This time I looked at her completely, without glancing away. She tensed up and let out a nervous laugh.

“I feel you are always looking out for me, always sticking up for me. It’s a bit shameful to be a transfer too, right?”
“Is it?”

Well, I’m no doubt shameful myself. But I think compared to me, Tsutsujigaoka was better off as a transfer. She wasn’t getting threatened constantly by Urushibara, the other girls looked out for her, and she’s friends with our boss, Tsurube Asagao. Watami treats her nicely as well, without showing her his bad side.

But it seemed like Tsutsujigaoka didn’t think that way.

“It really is. Everyone’s saying all sorts of things.”

She sulked and looked downwards a bit as she said that.

I wonder who she was referring to.

It could be the people from the manufacturing branch, or other branches as well. It could even be the people from the military.

The military branch was by far the most disconnected out of all the branches, as they were an elite group that only allowed in a certain percentage of people from the overall population. They exercised distinct power and authority with their utterly violent weapons. People felt all sorts of things about them; jealousy, envy, good will, fear, terror and hatred were all but a small portion of the feelings felt towards them.

That branch was a completely different beast compared to the rest. They alone stood at the top. That’s why they interacted only with each other and held contempt for others. They alone flaunted their successes.

The other branches were mere plebeians. They together stood at the bottom. They were jealous of the military, feared their might, and revered them.

I’ve always wondered which place was best suited for the people who were transferred out of the military branch.

After all, they were once people who stood at the top. The military may have been completely different than the rest, but transfers were different even within the military itself. This fact alone did not make them similar to those below, however.

It was indeed evident that Tsutsujigaoka Renge and I were irregulars to this city.

Even if our military affiliation was forcibly ripped away from us, the humiliation and disgrace continued to be carved in our bodies.

People who transferred out of the military were branded as pitiful little sheep. We were the baby birds who were unable to stay with the flock, unable to fly onwards.

That’s why, the “everyone” Tsutsujigaoka was referring to was probably actually everyone and not a specific group of people.

“That’s why I’m really glad that you are here, Chigusa. That’s why… I have to say my thanks. You paired up with me in the military, and this time we’re in the same team. I feel much more relieved being near you.”

Tsutsujigaoka smiled as she said that.

Indeed, Tsutsujigaoka and I sure shared a lot of experiences together.

It’s been about a year since we worked as a sniper-spotter pair in the military. From there, we pretty much followed the same path. But, even if we did follow that same path by doing the same things, our destination will end up being different. No matter how far we go together into the future, fundamentally we were different people.

I scratched my head and looked away from Tsutsujigaoka.

“That’s just saying stuff in hindsight. Even if it wasn’t me, even if I wasn’t there, you’d still be loved by everyone, Tstutsu… Chutsujiga… Tstsukakushichuchujiga… Chuchu… saying your name is too hard.”

I fumbled my words, though I finally ended up saying it properly. I rarely did say her name, so saying it was still quite difficult.

“I-It really is! Sorry!! It’s sometimes tough for even me to say…”

She laughed nervously, and her red face reflected that nervousness. She coiled and uncoiled her hair with her finger, then looked straight at me.

“T-That’s why you can just call me Renge! Renge is fine! Actually, please call me Renge!”
“Renge, huh? It is easier to say, and I won’t have to worry about fumbling my words again.”

I started to speak quickly to hide my uneasiness. I’m not used to addressing girls so casually, after all. In fact, I don’t even recall calling anyone by their first name.

Renge had a big smile on her face.

“Yes!”

And with that, she fidgeted around nervously for a little bit. She embarrassingly glanced upwards at me and continued on.

“Can I call you Kasumi then too?”
“Feel free to.”
“Then… Then… Kasumi it is!”

She reached her hand out timidly.

I couldn’t stop looking at her long and slender fingers, her smooth skin, and her delicate wrist. I hesitated a little bit, so I was late in shaking her hand.

As I reached out to shake her hand, someone honked their car horn. I turned around and saw a box car revving up. The front and rear of the car was modded excessively. Blue LED lights hung everywhere around the car, and from a distance the car could have easily been mistaken for a fishing boat. This car would have probably been considered a relic even in the past. What an interesting company car…

“Chigusa! Hurry up and get on!”
“Will do.”

Renge turned around as well just as Urushibara stuck his head out of the window. I raised the hand that I previously reached out with and pointed my thumb at the car.

“Well then, let’s go.”
“Yeah!”

Renge smiled as she responded, and the two of us went into the company car. … Well, I’m sure there’s still plenty of time in the future for us to properly shake hands.

—

The car shook around frequently as Urushibara drove. After driving alongside the coastline, we reached the military’s Kisarazu base.

The “gate” that most Unknowns came from was in the ocean in front of Tokyo Bay, so the defense city of Chiba designated that Kisarazu be the center for military deployment. Once the presence of Unknowns was detected, the alarms would go off, the turret train would be deployed, and a strategic forward base would be set up on the Tokyo Bay Aqua-Line.

This place, and this place only, was the front lines that protected the world.

We parked the car horizontally to the building and got off.

“Well then, Urushibara. I will go speak with Natsume and you will get these two settled in. Remember, we can’t meet their demands, so make sure we refuse whatever things they try to bring up.”

Tsurube said that as she pointed at Urushibara.

The meeting was about supply logistics for the next term and onwards. The military wanted a 20% increase across all its supplies. It’s only been a short while since I was transferred, so I didn’t know too much about the inner workings of the manufacturing branch yet. So, if the boss says that it’s impossible to meet their demands, then I’ll take her word for it. Urushibara’s serious expression also made it painfully clear that we had no choice but to refuse their demands.

“Alright. Hey, Chigusa, let’s go. Renge, you can leave this to me.”

Urushibara tensed up. He glared at me menacingly but smiled at Renge. He was really blunt about his favoritism, but I didn’t think he would take it this far. He was no doubt a multi-faced man with many expressions.

The four of us walked into the building as I continued to think about that.

We checked in and continued into the hallway. There was a loud group of people who walked towards us from the opposite side. I moved to the side of the hallway to make some room for them to pass. When they were near us, I distinctively heard a tsk sound.

I turned around and saw that Urushibara had an extremely sour expression. Wow, was this another one of his many expressions? His range of expressions sure was wide.

The group that passed by us noticed our presence.

“Woah!! If it isn’t my little Uru-uru?”
“What’s up bro?”

The first boy had blond hair that was slightly gelled upwards.  He was tanned, and had a piercing on his nose. The second had dreadlocks with tattoos on both arms. The two turned around and approached us. A silver haired boy followed closely behind. He had close-cropped hair, and was sporting some sunglasses.

“This looks pretty troublesome…”

Urushibara scowled and mumbled. It seemed that Urushibara and this tanned guy knew each other. After all, the guy called him “Uru-uru,” a name that seemed fitting for a mascot, but not an actual human.

“Who are you guys?”

Urushibara looked extremely bitter as I asked that.

“You were in this military branch so you should know, right? We are the top elites, man.”
“Huh… Well I was barely in the front lines, so…”
“Me too…”

The majority of missions assigned to both Renge and me dealt with supporting from the back. That’s why we weren’t that familiar with those in the front lines. So, without saying anything more, I just gazed onwards.

As I did, the tanned, pierced blond jumped towards Urushibara with a shout and wrapped his arm around Urushibara’s shoulders.

“What the hell, Uru-uru? It’s been soo long hasn’t it?”
“Don’t talk to me. I got work to do.”

Even though Urushibara looked annoyed saying that, the tanned, pierced blond did not move an inch. He leaned in on Urushibara with his arm still wrapped around him.

“Work? Hey, Uru-uru what do you even do now? Actually, we’re about to go to a mixer with some kids from engineering class. Wanna come with us? It’s gonna be wild!”
“With engineering students?”
“Yeah, yeah. Hey, wait a second. Pietro, today’s actually with the kids from econ, right?”
“What? Leo, yesterday was with the econ people. C’mon, bro.”
“Are you serious? I actually can’t remember!”

Leo, who apparently was the blond, tilted his head and fidgeted with his hair as he contemplated. What a name Pietro is though… He looked Japanese, but was he actually from overseas?

In any case, it seemed these people were quite popular. They were, after all, at the top of the elites in the military, born and raised in Chiba. After graduating, some were even able to go inland. I’m sure there were a lot of people who wanted to associate themselves with these delinquents… Well, even from way back delinquents were quite popular, huh. I’m really bad at dealing with these types of people. They made an environment that was hard for me to be in.

I stared at the group. I couldn’t deal with any of them… Leo, Pietro, and even Urushibara.  Tsurube looked a bit curious as she too stared at the group.

“Engineering, huh?”

Tsurube mumbled that then called out to Urushibara.

“Urushibara.”
“Yes, Asagao?”
“Change of plans. I’ll watch over these two, so you go on ahead. Make sure it goes well.”

Wow, that’s surprising; she seemed a bit encouraging. Being able to go to mixers without working was pretty much everyone’s dream job, I think. Urushibara’s face tensed up and he nodded. He definitely did not seem to be the carefree type that went to mixers.

“… Got it.”

Urushibara exhaled deeply. With his eyes wide open, he suddenly laughed. His white teeth contrasted with his darkish skin, and the scar on his forehead twitched. Honestly, it felt a bit weird looking at it. The intelligent gangster smiled then called out to the group.

“Wait, wait… Leo, you serious about me going? It’s been such a long time since I went!”

Woah…. He sure did a 180 quickly. Then, what was that quiet and nasty expression he had on earlier? Leo and his group seemed to pay no attention to his quick change in expression.

“Yeah man, we have to go. I brought some liquid capsules and eyedrops and everything.”
“Oh shit, that’s sick! No doubt about it!”

Urushibara clapped as Leo made a smug face. Pietro leaned in on him.

“Hey, yo! This is the comeback of the clubber, Uru-uru! You gotta show me how the Uru-uru do things, man. ”
“Uru, let’s do that again! The Six Sonic Stitches of Blood and Ashes! It’s hilarious; all the girls will get driven away!”
“Ughh! Pietro and Mars, you guys are intense! I can’t do that!”

Urushibara formed traces of a smile even as the silver haired boy slapped him on the back. He kept saying, “No way no way,” but the three closed in on him even further.

“You will, won’t you?”

With the three voices gathered, Urushibara suddenly went quiet, but the three wouldn’t allow it. They took one step further in. Now they were so close that their faces might have bumped into each other. A single drip of sweat flowed down as Urushibara clearly felt the pressure. His lips trembled a bit, and the scar on his forehead continued to twitch around.

“You will, won’t you?”
“Alright, alright! Today I’ll do up to eight stitches! Hooray!”
“Hooray!”

They shouted some weird chants. Then they hit Urushibara on the shoulder while laughing boisterously and took off.

Rough life, Urushibara.

Tsurube watched until they were far off in the distance, then nodded. She still seemed interested.

“In business, you need to be able to do those types of things, heh. Plus, having that scar on your head is quite the honor. Hmm, indeed.”

If I had to guess, the Six Sonic Stitches of Blood and Ashes probably injured you one way or another… Seriously, I’d rather go jobless than get hurt like that…
